Here is only the English part of the translation:
“...Now, please follow me. I will guide you to the mistress’s side.”
“Y-yes... Excuse me for intruding.”
Several days after the incident where Charlotte was attacked by a golem, the young man, who had received a renewed invitation from the Lucas Trading Company, was walking through the exquisitely luxurious mansion, guided by the blonde maid. As befitting a building where the Guild’s major sponsor lived, it was splendid everywhere he looked, with what appeared to be high-class artwork placed in every corner. The sheer insistence that this was what a wealthy person’s house was like was overwhelming, and the young man, who lived a commoner's life, felt somewhat unsettled.
(Besides, a thank you gift, huh... No matter how I look at it, it’s suspicious... Could it really be possible that that Charlotte would want to thank someone...?)
The young man was well aware of Charlotte's personality and reputation. Previously, before the match in the arena, she had conspired with her maid to tempt him, and had tried to win through charm, making full use of a Succubus card and her own body. Frankly, while he did help her, the reality was that he didn't have a good impression of her.
Even with those thoughts, the young man came here because of a serious motive: "It would be rude to refuse the invitation." Will he truly be thanked? Or will she demand something in return? The young man maintained his vigilance while holding a slight expectation, but—
Tapuun, purun... ♡
“The mistress has been in a very good mood today. I’m sure she might be looking forward to the undefeated rookie coming to her.”
“...!! S-so that’s it...”
He was distracted by the sight of the huge breasts swaying gently, visible even from behind her. Memories of being pushed down by this provocative maid and having her fleshy bosom rubbed against his body on a bed were brought back.
That elastic, melting sensation. He managed to shake her off before his mind was corrupted that time, but he wasn't sure if he could resist properly if she did the same thing again. The young man's face reddened as he recalled the softness of the maid's large breasts, but he continued to walk, trying not to let on that he was slightly aroused.
“...Thank you for waiting. The mistress is in this room.”
As he walked down the corridor with the maid, he finally arrived at the entrance of a certain room. The maid, with her graceful demeanor, spoke to the young man once, then knocked on the wooden door standing before them.
“Lady Charlotte, I have brought your guest. May I show him in?”
“It’s fine. Let him in.”
“...Understood. Excuse me.”
After receiving permission from Charlotte, who seemed to be inside the room, the maid bowed lightly and slowly opened the door.
“Please be sure not to be rude to the mistress. ...Although, with you, rookie, I don't think that will be a problem.”
“...Thank you for guiding me this far.”
“Not at all, don't worry about it.”
The young man offered a word of thanks to the maid who had guided him, and then stepped into the room. A few seconds later, he heard the sound of the door closing behind him.
The room was spacious, with various pieces of furniture arranged inside. A king-sized bed, too large for one person. A painting of unknown artist, but clearly valuable. In the center of the room, a fine table with teacups and sweets was set up.
And sitting across from the young man, with her legs crossed on a chair, was Charlotte Lucas herself.
“You’ve finally arrived. Since standing is awkward, you sit down in that chair too.”
Following her words, the young man sat down, and faced Charlotte again across the table. A sweet scent, typical of a girl her age, filled the air in the room, making him feel somewhat restless. Not only was he alone with Charlotte, but the young man was neither used to attractive women nor resistant to them, so he was probably nervous while also remaining cautious.
“Hehe, why don’t you try to relax a little? I know it’s hard not to feel things when you’re with me.”
“I-I’m not restless at all...”
“Well, fine. ...Now then, let’s get straight to the main topic.”
Charlotte narrowed her eyes, flashed a mischievous smile, placed her hands on the table, and introduced the “main topic” to the young man.
“—Wouldn't you be interested in becoming my personal bodyguard?”
“...Huh?”
“Did you not hear me? A bodyguard, I said, a bodyguard. I’m proposing that you become the personal guard who protects this Charlotte Lucas.”
The unexpected proposal from Charlotte, who had her hand placed on her chest, caught the young man off guard, and he let out a foolish sound. It was understandable why he reacted that way. He had come to this mansion because he was told he would receive a "thank you," and he never dreamed that the very person he rescued would invite him to be her bodyguard.
Charlotte continued to talk, gazing at the young man who was open-mouthed in surprise.
“...At that time, seeing your strength up close made me realize something again. It’s faster to recruit someone even stronger than a challenging opponent than to challenge an opponent you can’t win against. An undefeated rookie is perfect for my guard, and if I were to be attacked by a golem again, you could handle it. You should feel honored, you know? You’re the first person I’ve made this kind of offer to.”
“W-wait a minute! You can’t just suddenly ask me to be your bodyguard...”
“Oh, don’t you think it’s a good deal? The bodyguard of the second daughter of the Lucas Trading Company... I think that’s a pretty respectable job.”
“…………”
“Ah... Of course, I’m not saying it’ll be for nothing. I’ll provide a proper reward, I’ll add you as a member of the Lucas Trading Company, and if you have any requests, I’ll support you within a possible range. ...So, what do you say? Whether you will or will not become my bodyguard... I’d like you to decide right here, right now.”
I was supposed to get a thank you, so why am I now being recruited by Charlotte to be her bodyguard? The young man pondered in his heart, trying not to let Charlotte realize what he was thinking.
(Is she plotting something again...? Or is she really serious about scouting me...? Either way... I can’t accept this offer.)
It was clearly suspicious that she, who had tried to steal a victory by seducing him before the match, was now offering such favorable terms. It might genuinely be an offer based on an evaluation of his strength, but given that the opponent was Charlotte, the possibility of a trap was quite high. He couldn't completely trust her no matter what attitude she adopted.
Moreover, the young man had things he needed to do. He certainly didn't have time to serve as Charlotte's bodyguard. The young man, having reached a decision with his brow slightly furrowed, gave his answer to Charlotte, who looked somewhat serious.
“...I’m sorry, but I can’t be your bodyguard, Charlotte. I have things I need to do.”
“I see... Well, that’s the answer I expected. I knew full well you’d refuse.”
Letting out a disappointed sigh, Charlotte stood up from the chair and slowly walked toward the young man.
“But are you sure you want to refuse? If you were to become my bodyguard... you could use this body however you like, you know? ♡”
“Huh...!?”
What came out of Charlotte’s mouth, murmured in a seductive voice, was an obscene proposal and words. The young man was bewildered by her statement as she closed the distance—and became acutely aware of the huge breasts that were shaking with every step she took.
Tapuun... ♡ Burun... tapu... ♡
(If I can use Charlotte’s body however I like... I could do whatever I want with these breasts, too...!! ♡)
Her voluptuous bosom was about the same size as the maid he had just faced. Although she was wearing less revealing clothing now, her lewdness was evident even over the fabric, which was stretched taut and straining to contain the shape of her breasts. Despite her baby face that couldn't hide a childish impression, the disparity of possessing such huge breasts enhanced Charlotte's sexual appeal.
Charlotte Lucas had successfully conducted "negotiations" in the past by utilizing these massive breasts. Few men could resist the seduction of her, who had learned the art of corrupting men. If her negotiating partner was male, she had a track record of getting them to accept even the most unfavorable terms just by shaking her breasts a little.
“Pft... ♡ You’re so obviously staring at my breasts, aren’t you? ♡ Did you perhaps imagine it? ♡ The sight of yourself pitifully masturbating while violently fondling my top-grade breasts? ♡”
“Ugh... Ah... ♡”
Because this experience existed, Charlotte planned to try the same negotiation with the young man. In a sticky tone, she bounced her boastful massive cleavage, performing an erotic breast bounce to stimulate his male reproductive urge.
He momentarily imagined the softness of Charlotte's breasts, the feel of fondling them, and the pleasure of grabbing them tightly and masturbating—but he quickly rethought it, realizing that the more he thought about it, the worse it would be, and managed to somehow dispel the desires that had swelled in his head. The young man had competed against numerous female card players and had been seduced by good-looking female bodies like this many times. It wasn't too difficult to push Charlotte away at this stage, before his sexual desire was fully stimulated.
(This is bad...! I need to escape immediately...!)
The experience gained from his card battles must have been kicking in. The young man's actions were swift upon recognizing that “I am currently being propositioned with an erotic trap by a big-breasted girl.” He immediately stood up from the chair to distance himself from the approaching Charlotte and turned his face towards the door to escape, but—
“Ah, you tried to run away after all! ♡ You’re so easy to read, big brother! ♡”
“Hehe, I’m sorry... ♡ But we can’t let you escape from here... ♡”
“What!? W-when did you...!”
Standing in front of the door were two women with revealing clothes, horns on their heads, and devil-like wings flapping on their backs. They were the "Charm Succubus" and the "Loli-Busty Succubus" summoned from the Succubus cards that Charlotte possessed. They both had a captivating allure and massive breasts comparable to Charlotte's, and they were grinning at the frozen young man.
The young man's position had become extremely unfavorable. Succubi at the front gate, Charlotte at the back gate. In this space alone, there were three beings trying to incite his lust. It wasn't quite like sitting on a bed of nails, but there was no doubt that his self-control would crumble the longer he stayed in the room.
He decided that to escape, he had to defeat both Charlotte and the Succubi. As the young man took out his card deck from his pocket, a sweet voice that made his consciousness waver came from behind him.
“I have no intention of fighting you, you know? ♡ I’ll just ‘persuade’ you to want to become my bodyguard. ♡ Come on, look at me. ♡”
“...!! Ahh... ♡”
The young man involuntarily reacted and shifted his gaze from the Succubi to the source of the voice, where he saw Charlotte, sensuously wriggling her attractive body and taking off her clothes. Unable to tear his eyes away from the sight, which was like a strip show happening up close, he found himself leering at the large, bouncing mass of cleavage that was too present to ignore. Because of this, the hand holding the card deck seemed to have stopped moving and become dysfunctional.
“Ahaha! ♡ Did the sight of me just taking off my clothes make you forget everything else? ♡ Then I’ll show you something even better. ♡”
Performing an alluring movement that fixed the male gaze, Charlotte skillfully stripped off her clothes and skirt in front of the young man—and when she was down to her underwear, it incited lust in a different way than being completely naked.
Yusayusa... ♡ Burun... ♡
“How do you like this erotic underwear? ♡ It’s a hand-me-down from my mother, but doesn’t it make you feel all hot and bothered just looking at it? ♡ My mother has big breasts too, just like me, so the size is a perfect fit, you see. ♡”
“Ah... ♡ Big breasts...!! ♡ The black underwear is too erotic...!! ♡ Ugh... Auuu... ♡”
“Woah, woah! ♡ You have a magnificent tent pitched in your pants, your cock is already throbbing, isn’t it? ♡ It’s really pathetic that just showing you my breasts encased in a bra makes you like this. ♡ You must be uncomfortable like that, so why don’t you take off your clothes too and pull out your cock? ♡ ...Though I won’t guarantee what will happen once you take it out. ♡”
The black, lace-trimmed underwear was too grown-up for a child her age. The panties concealing Charlotte's secret parts, the oversized bra tightly packing her voluptuous bosom into the cups. These items, said to have been used by her mother, possessed a devastating power that could serve as a form of sex appeal just by being shown, and in fact, the young man who looked directly at them was clearly erect even through his pants.
The young man’s composure, whose erection was pointed out by a finger pointed at his crotch, was rapidly crumbling. Even though he was warned by the seducer herself that "I won't guarantee what will happen," and even though he should know that stripping off his clothes to follow Charlotte in this situation would put him at an even greater disadvantage, the young man put away his card deck and started breathing heavily.
Sexual desire, after all, drives people’s judgment insane. The young man, who was inherently weak to sexual things, could not resist Charlotte's words, and consciously seeking pleasure, he stripped off his trousers and underwear right then and there.
“Pupupu! ♡ You got so hot and bothered you pulled out your throbbing cock! ♡ To expose your sexual desire just by being tempted by a younger girl—it makes the name 'Undefeated Rookie' a joke! ♡ Well, at this point, it’s too late no matter how much you try to cover it up! ♡”
“Uuugh... ♡”
The young man's exposed penis was neither too big nor too small—just average. Its thickness was also perfectly average, but the thick blue veins visible on the shaft indicated his level of excitement and engorgement. Thanks to his boiled-up sexual desire, it was sufficiently hard and stood proudly erect, prepared for sex to release its seed.
Charlotte burst out laughing at the sight of it trembling and curving upward at an angle. She must have been accustomed to seeing men who succumbed to temptation offering up their cocks themselves, but she probably still found it amusing no matter how many times she saw it. With the corners of her mouth turned up, looking pleased, she approached the young man without trying to hide her grin.
Munyu ♡
“Agh... ♡”
“Just by pressing my breasts against you like this, your cock’s reaction got stronger, didn’t it? ♡ Come on, come on, you’ve been wanting to touch them all this time, haven’t you? ♡ The first time we met, when we fought in the arena, and when you saved me from the golem back then, too. ♡ You wanted to grab that bulge that you kept staring at and couldn’t hold back from, right? ♡”
“Ah, uh... ♡ I wanted to touch them...!! ♡ Charlotte’s breasts...!! ♡ Let me touch them...!! ♡”
“Oh really? ♡ You wanted to touch them so badly that you’re begging like that? ♡ I thought you were kind of cool, but all men who are breast-lovers are pitiful, aren’t they? ♡ You’re pitiful, but I might let you touch them as a special favor. ♡ But only on the condition that you become my bodyguard...!! ♡”
“Guh... Uuugh... ♡ Uuuugh... ♡”
The young man's hand, which had been reaching toward Charlotte's chest, stopped just short. If he accepted this deal, the huge breasts softly pressed against his arm would be his to grope freely. However, the price was becoming Charlotte’s bodyguard. He had something he absolutely had to do—with that thought, there was no way he could bring himself to forcefully grab her chest.
“You’re unnecessarily hesitating, but I’m not proposing a bad deal, you know? ♡ As I said earlier, I won’t make you work for free... ♡ Hmm, I might even let you join the Lucas Trading Company's sex technique training. ♡”
“S-sex technique training...!! ♡”
“That’s right! ♡ This company has an entrapment squad to advance 'negotiations' and 'persuading' men, but some girls are still inexperienced in the art of seduction and how to corrupt a cock. ♡ So, we often have men with strong libidos accompany them in their training. ♡ If you wish, I’ll let you volunteer to be the partner for that sex technique training. ♡ Getting your cock throbbing from clumsy seduction might not be so bad, you know... Pupf... ♡”
Charlotte, offering attractive conditions, pressed her massive cleavage against the young man’s right side, playfully stimulated his nipple through his shirt with her left hand, and teased him by stroking his lower abdomen with her right hand. She deliberately avoided directly manipulating the obvious male erogenous zone—his penis—instead, she tried to make his self-control explode by only teasing him.
Having received training in the art of captivating men, her dirty talk was outstanding. At times, she would use her boasted massive cleavage to create openings in her negotiation partner; at other times, she would induce the swelling of his penis by making him fantasize about lust; and yet another time, she would directly give him pleasure and make him shamefully leak. If the situation was right, making the young man eager was child’s play for her.
“Also, I think I’ll have you be a practice dummy for the Succubus deck. ♡ I also need to polish my dueling skills, after all. ♡ Oh, you don’t have to do anything, you know? ♡ It’s a simple job where you just stand there with your pathetic masochistic cock erect and just let the Succubi defeat you and constantly go pyupyu ♡ buryuburyu ♡! How about it? ♡ Just imagining it must be making your pre-cum leak from your cock, right? ♡”
“Ugh... ♡ Ah... Auuugh... ♡”
The young man, whose penis twitched at the mention of being a practice dummy for the Succubus deck, turned around, and saw the Succubi, smiling enchantingly and waving their hands. The thought of receiving their sexual services in the name of “practice” caused pre-cum to drip profusely from the tip of his glans.
“Ah, Aah...!! ♡ I can't...!! ♡ I can't anymore...!! ♡♡ My breasts...!! ♡♡”
If he became Charlotte's bodyguard, everything she just said would come true. It would actually happen. The young man's patience had finally reached its limit. Unable to suppress the boiling lust, he gripped his exposed, throbbing penis and was about to begin a shameful, public masturbation-while-staring-at-breasts, but—
“Hold on, why are you trying to self-fondle your cock alone? ♡ It’s a waste when I’m right here to have you climax while enjoying the sensation of my breasts! ♡ You can do it if you want to... ♡ But I think this would be a better way to come. ♡”
“!! ♡ Agh...! ♡ My breasts...!! ♡”
Charlotte stopped the young man's action while pressing her breasts even harder against his arm. It’s a waste to come from masturbation, you should come while being sandwiched by this massive cleavage—even without saying it directly, the young man understood that this was her implicit message.
Breasts so large they could easily sandwich even a very large male organ. The thought of having his penis enveloped by that obscene flesh made any man realize how foolish solitary masturbation was. Since the young man was one of those men, he was drawn to Charlotte's massive breasts just before he could grip his shaft.
“This is an advance... ♡ If you follow your desire and become my bodyguard, you can fully violate my chest right there on that bed. ♡ Your mission or my breasts... As a man, you know which one is more important, don't you? ♡ Come on, what are you going to do? ♡ Decide quickly! ♡”
Compliance or refusal. The answer of the young man, whose meager self-control had snapped, was already decided. Charlotte, who had moved away from the screaming young man, grinned smugly, and beckoned him alluringly as she walked toward the bed in the room.
“Uuugh... ♡ Uuuuuuuuuuugh...!! ♡♡ I will!! ♡♡ I’ll be your bodyguard!! ♡♡”
“Ah... ♡ Ahaha, you’ve become a simpleton who can only think with his cock, haven’t you? ♡ The contract is sealed! ♡ You’re officially a breast-masochist who just listens to what I say now! ♡”
“Hah! ♡ Haah! ♡ Haaah! ♡ Fuuugh—...! ♡ Fuuuh! ♡ Foo—...! ♡♡♡”
“Breathing heavily like that... ♡ Right now, you can only think about violating my breasts, can’t you? ♡ What a troublesome man. ♡ But if you come over here... I might just let you release that lust. ♡”
The king-sized bed had plenty of space for a single girl. Charlotte lay down on her back on it, tightly squeezing her breasts with both arms, emphasizing the richness of the cleavage valley.
The young man, with bloodshot eyes staring at the breasts tucked into the black bra, also got onto the bed and straddled the woman who was making fun of him. This was the so-called mounted position. Normally, the one on top is in a superior, dominant position—but given the current situation, it was debatable whether that could be said for sure.
“Hah... ♡ My breasts...!! ♡ I’m gonna violate Charlotte’s breasts...!! ♡ I’m gonna seed them...!! ♡♡”
Using his left hand to fondle her breasts over the bra, he used his remaining right hand to fix the angle of his penis, aiming for the valley of her under-cleavage, which was irresistible to men. The calm demeanor he had moments ago was gone. The young man, who had become her bodyguard, now seemed to only think about violating Charlotte's bosom as an "advance."
“Pft! ♡ The undefeated rookie saying, ‘I’m gonna violate your breasts...!!’ ♡ And seeding them, too...!! ♡ I can’t stop myself from laughing! ♡ You can go ahead and penetrate my breasts if you want to be that desperate for it... but will that weak-looking cock of yours be okay? ♡ Don’t blame me if you explode immediately! ♡”
“Auugh... ♡ I-I’m putting it in...!! ♡ I’m putting it in your breasts, you hear...!! ♡”
Even though he was being completely mocked and disparaged as having a weak-looking cock, the young man had no intention of stopping. He couldn't stop until he had thoroughly violated this massive cleavage. He touched the tip of his penis, held in place by one hand, to the soft under-cleavage and pushed it toward the valley.
Nyuupu... ♡
“Agh...! ♡♡ Haaah... Haaah... !! ♡♡♡”
Byupururururu... ♡ Buryuburyu... ♡ Byubu! Dopupu... ♡
“There we go! ♡ The expected immediate explosion of semen inside the breasts! ♡ I knew this would happen! ♡ Because you... look like you have a face that’s weak to breasts! ♡”
The young man reached his limit the moment his glans, wet with transparent pre-cum, and his shaft, now hard as steel, penetrated the valley of her chest and thrust all the way to the base of the nyuupupuupu, pachuun ♡ ♡
The embrace that softly wrapped around his male symbol. The breast pressure designed to please the penis. The obscene texture of the flesh clinging to his weak spot. The young man, who was a novice at intermammary sex, simply couldn't withstand the sensation of her top-grade, massive breasts, which were polished in every way.
“Agh! ♡♡ Aaaah! ♡♡♡ Agh! ♡ Nooo! ♡ I can't stop! ♡♡ Aaaaaaah! ♡♡”
“What’s with that masochistic voice? ♡ Is this your first time having sex with breasts? ♡ That’s why you had such a pathetic accidental leak the moment you put it in, and why you’re desperately trembling your hips with a melting look on your face, right? ♡ Pupf... ♡ Should I be saying, ‘Congratulations on graduating from your first titjob with a younger girl’s huge breasts’? ♡”
Charlotte burst out laughing again at his extreme premature ejaculation. She must have found it incredibly funny that the man who had confidently mounted her had immediately climaxed the moment he put his penis between her breasts.
It was late to mention this, but her most lethal weapon was—without a doubt, her body, which overflowed with lewdness. The combination of carefully selected Lucas lineage and intensive training from childhood had provided her with a voluptuous, extremely erotic body that rivaled a professional prostitute. The symbol of motherhood housed in that body was bound to fully exhibit its true power against a penis, and it was easy for her to make the young man ejaculate in less than a few seconds like this.
(I-I came...!! ♡ Hauuuugh...! ♡ B-but...! ♡ I can't stop with just this...!! ♡ I have to thrust my hips more into the breasts...!! ♡ I have to violate this deep valley...!! ♡♡)
Even though it was an immediate ejaculation, it still felt good. The young man's whole body was rigid from the intensity of the pleasure of ejaculating between breasts, but thanks to Charlotte's relentless temptation, his boiling lust and the penis trembling inside her cleavage had not yet completely withered. The lust of a breast-lover seemed to be persistent.
Now that he had mounted Charlotte, he had to thoroughly violate this massive cleavage. Driven by a sense of mission stained with desire, the young man began to move his hips back and forth, disregarding the fact that his male organ was highly sensitive.
Tech, tech... ♡ Pachu... ♡ Dochu, zuchu, zucchuun... ♡
“Haaah...! ♡ Haaah...! ♡ Breasts...!! ♡ Amazing...!! ♡ Too erotic...!! ♡”
“Ahaha! ♡ Your cock is hard even though you just came! ♡ Your endurance is that of a weak masochistic cock, but your recovery is quite good! ♡ Or maybe you’re just eager to copulate with such enormous breasts? ♡ It doesn't make a difference to me either way! ♡”
This was a mounted titjob where the woman maintained superiority. The young man, though his lower body was still shaking, somehow managed to push his groin against Charlotte's massive cleavage. Each time he thrust his penis into the valley of her chest, where the soft flesh was pressed together, an obscene wet sound echoed, and sweet pleasure flowed into his body.
Charlotte's massive breasts completely absorbed his rough, self-centered, beast-like thrusting, which showed no regard for her. No matter how much the young man thrust, not even the tip of his penis showed itself from between the folds of flesh. Since a larger bust size meant a correspondingly deeper and longer cleavage valley, it seemed she could easily conceal the young man's male organ like this.
“Oh dear. ♡ Are you alright with that timid hip action? ♡ Your cock looks distressed even though you’re the one who’s aggressively thrusting into the breasts! ♡ At this rate, you look like you’ll ejaculate inside my breasts again immediately! ♡ How pathetic! ♡ A weak rookie who’s a masochist for big breasts! ♡”
“Uugh...! ♡ B-but...! ♡ It’s the fault of these breasts...! ♡ Damn it...! ♡ Agh...! It feels too good...! ♡”
Even though he was mounting her and forcefully violating her breasts, the unprecedented pleasure he was experiencing in his life occasionally made him weaken his thrusting. While the young man, looking alternately at Charlotte's face and breasts, tried to disguise his sense of climax with a slight curse, the flesh packed into the bra welcomed the intruder who entered her cleavage, attempting to restrain him with a gentle yet fierce breast pressure.
“Ahiih... ♡ So soft...! ♡ Your breasts are soft...! ♡ Aah...! ♡”
“The tightness of the valley is incredible, isn't it? ♡ Your soft breasts are clingy and tightly surrounding your cock, begging for semen... ♡ You just graduated from titjob virginity, so you can't endure it, can you? ♡”
She was completely right. It was obvious that the young man, who had copulated with breasts for the first time in his life, could not endure the clinginess of the soft, creamy flesh tightly compressing his erect penis. Even though he had been continuously rejecting her demand to "become my bodyguard" until now, the current sight of him desperately slamming his hips pachun ♡ pachun ♡ into her under-cleavage showed the young man's level of excitement and the exhaustion of his self-control.
“Ah, Agh...! ♡ No! Agh...! I-I still want to violate them...! ♡ I’m going to... come! ♡”
“Woah, woah! ♡ You’re thrusting your hips faster—you’re already preparing to come, aren’t you? ♡ Your cock is clearly getting harder, too! ♡ Coming so quickly because violating breasts slick with semen feels too good—pupf! ♡ How uncool! ♡”
“Damn it...! ♡ Agh...! Don’t suck on my cock, breasts...! ♡ I’m gonna come...! ♡ I’m gonna come! ♡♡”
Sweet pleasure surging through his whole body and her words stimulating his male urge to ejaculate successfully drove the young man to the brink of climax. Although he was trying to escape the breasts on the surface, his body and mind desired to be sandwiched by the breast flesh, and instead of pulling back his hips, he was subjecting the valley of her massive cleavage to rapid, short thrusts. The mounted titjob, performed while looking down at Charlotte, satisfied his male urge for conquest, and he couldn't stop the movement of his lower body until he had completed the act of seeding.
The huge breasts rippled and undulated from the vibrations caused by the young man's hip thrusting, and Charlotte's light blue hair swayed slightly. Charlotte, who watched the young man, now enthralled by the sexual act with her breasts, with a lustful gaze, launched a follow-up attack of dirty talk to make him achieve an even more mind-melting intermammary ejaculation.
“But I’ll allow it for now, no matter how uncool it is. ♡ There’s no man in this world who wouldn’t make a pathetic face when sandwiched by my breasts! ♡”
“Ahih, Agh! ♡♡ I love them! ♡ I love Charlotte’s breasts! ♡♡ I’m gonna come! ♡♡ Aah! ♡♡ I’m gonna come on your breasts! ♡♡”
“Come on, come on! ♡ Ejaculate a second time quickly! ♡ You want to go pyupyu ~ with your weak, small sperm into my breast-pussy, don't you? ♡ Don't pointlessly resist, just have an accidental ejaculation inside my breasts, you breast-masochist! ♡ A pervert who gets aroused by his master’s massive cleavage, despite being a bodyguard! ♡”
The young man’s own endurance could no longer keep up with the pleasure being given. The glossy breast skin was sticking obscenely to his penis, and it was impossible to suppress the impulse for intermammary ejaculation deep in his hips. Surrendering to the floating, blissful sensation, just as the young man’s hips began to tremble—Charlotte delivered the final word that instantly amplified his urge to ejaculate.
“Ah! ♡ Oh, I forgot to mention... ♡ The breasts that are completely enveloping your cock are K-cups and 109cm! ♡ They’re incomparably bigger than any other girl’s, easily exceeding 100cm. ♡ Hehe, you can see why it feels so good to violate them, can’t you? ♡”
“!!!!! ♡♡♡ Fwaaaah! ♡♡♡ !! ♡♡♡ I-I can't! ♡♡♡ It's coming! ♡♡♡♡”
The merciless yet sweet declaration of Charlotte Lucas, who was adept at entrapping men. The revelation of the cup size, which forcefully excites any person born a respectable male. He was already right on the verge of ejaculation, and upon being told such an amplifying number for sexual excitement, there was no way he could remain sane. The young man, whose mind could now only conjure the words "K-cup" and "over 100cm", reached his limit again.
Dopyun! ♡♡♡
“Hah! ♡♡♡ Hih! ♡♡♡ I-I can't! ♡♡♡”
Buryurururu! ♡♡♡ Byububububu!! ♡♡♡ Byukkubyukuburyu! ♡♡ Byubububu~~~~~~!! ♡♡♡
“Haaaaaah~~~~~~!! ♡♡♡ Aaaaaaaaaaahhh~~~~~~!! ♡♡♡”
“Hahaha! ♡ Weak, easy-to-handle sperm is coming out buryuburyu ~! You came out so fast, despite being the one who initiated the violation of my breasts! ♡ So uncool! ♡ You really are just a weakling! ♡ Heh heh heh! ♡”
He tightly grabbed the highest-quality massive breasts with both hands, violently releasing his semen inside them. He relentlessly thrust his hips against her under-cleavage, continuously emptying his seed. The young man, gasping in blissful release and exhaustion, let his lower abdomen tremble amusingly, grinding his penis into the space between the huge, fleshy mounds.
The forceful ejaculation, worthy of a seeding, had its momentum killed by the weight of her voluptuous breasts, and it didn't even pyuru ♡ out of the valley, so it didn't soil Charlotte's face. At most, the cloudy liquid that managed to escape the inside of her breasts flowed down her abdomen, ending its role by merely sticking to her body a little. No matter how much intermammary ejaculation occurred, her chest wouldn't get pregnant. It was a complete waste of seed, but the young man still seemed to be enjoying the happiness of releasing his desire onto the soft flesh.
“With this, the undefeated rookie... no, you, the breast-masochist alien, won't be able to leave my breasts. ♡ You’ll continue your job as my bodyguard, constantly thinking, ‘I want to be tit-f*cked by Lady Charlotte every day’ ~ ♡”
“Aaaaaaaaaahhh...!! ♡♡ Fwaaaah...! ♡ Ah-heh...! ♡♡”
“Well, this is what you wanted, isn’t it? ♡ You pretended to not be thinking anything erotic, but in the end, you just wanted to live a life obsessed with pouring semen into my breasts. ♡ ...Pupf, don’t worry. ♡ I don’t plan on ending it here. ♡ As a celebration for your inauguration as my bodyguard today... I’ll thoroughly melt you with titjobs until you lose consciousness! ♡”
Zuruzuruzuchu ♡ Munyunyu~~~~~... ♡ Nyuchunyuchi ♡ Nichunichunichu ♡
“Uuuuuuuuuuuugh!?? ♡♡♡ Agh! ♡♡ Agg! ♡♡ Aah...! Fwaaah...!! ♡♡♡”
Even while the young man was still ejaculating, Charlotte deliberately shook her own breasts, further rubbing his penis.
This was a sex technique to ensure that a man who had once succumbed to temptation would never change his mind. To thoroughly squeeze out his seed, firmly implant the euphoria of ejaculating from a titjob into his body, heighten the dependency, and make him addicted to breasts. Naturally, Charlotte had no intention of letting the young man go, so she must have intended to make him ejaculate until the very limit of his consciousness.
In other words—the young man could not escape the massive breasts. Since he himself desired the act of being urged to ejaculate by the soft flesh, he didn't even try to escape, and his hips and male organ remained constantly trembling. The young man, who had tasted the flavor of a pathetic masochistic defeat to Charlotte and could never escape again, was destined to live the rest of his life not as the undefeated rookie or the family-loving brother searching for his sister, but as Charlotte's bodyguard.
Here is only the English part of the translation:

The next day, the young man was formally welcomed as the bodyguard of the second daughter of the Lucas Trading Company.

The people belonging to the Lucas Trading Company welcomed the young man's presence surprisingly warmly. Given his proven ability to confront monsters head-on and the reason that "he saved Lady Charlotte," virtually no one in the company held any ill will toward him. Even her mother occasionally directed lustful glances at the young man, but she seemed to accept his position as a retainer protecting her daughter.

The young man took up residence in the mansion owned by the Lucas Trading Company. Charlotte's excellently shaped body—curvy where it should be and taut where it needed to be—was etched into the young man's mind, and even while performing his bodyguard duties, the sight of her breasts swaying and bouncing never seemed to leave his head.

And after fulfilling his duty of protecting Charlotte, having forgotten his mission and purpose— Zuruzur! ♡ Zunyu! ♡ Munyumunyu! ♡ Dochu! ♡ Pachu! ♡ Pachun! ♡ “Hooooh...!! ♡♡ It feels so good...!! ♡♡ Your breasts feel so good! ♡♡” “Pft! ♡ You’re making that pathetic noise so quickly again! ♡ I’m not even thrusting my breasts seriously, but you always make that silly sound and get your cock so lively! ♡”

He enjoyed a life of debauchery, letting his erection be sandwiched by the protected subject's breasts. Charlotte was not the type of woman to feed a fish she had already caught. She was supposed to be the type to ignore a man after tempting and debilitating him, but she listened to the young man's pleas for a titjob unless something major intervened.

“Lady Charlotte...!! ♡ Harder...! ♡ Move your breasts harder, please! ♡” “Hey, I told you not to use the 'Lady' honorific when we’re alone, didn’t I? I’ll stop the titjob! ♡” “I-I’m sorry...! ♡ Charlotte...! ♡ Please...! ♡ Give me a more intense titjob...! ♡” “That’s right, that’s better! ♡ I’ll give a small reward to a bodyguard who listens! ♡” “Oh...! Aaaaaah!! ♡♡ Hauuuuugh!! ♡♡”

Towards the young man groaning from the increasingly intense mounted titjob, Charlotte was showing a surprising favor that was not evident in her usual demeanor. The fact that she was moving her chest without teasing was because she held no small amount of affection for the young man, and although she never voiced it, a maiden-like spirit of service had blossomed, thinking, "I'm happy that the person I like feels good from my breasts."

Had the young man not saved Charlotte from the golem, he would not have gained such a privileged position. If he had merely been seduced and defeated, he might have been reduced to the status of a slave, or left to endure days of unfulfilled lust. In a way, it could be called a happy outcome to be liked by her, who came from a family that rose to power by corrupting men, and to receive a titjob without any hidden agenda.

“No! ♡ Ah! ♡ Agh! ♡ I’m coming! ♡ I can’t hold it in...!! ♡ I’m coming! ~~~~!! ♡♡” “Don’t hold back and seed my breasts thoroughly! ♡ You’re the breast-masochist of the 'former' undefeated rookie! ♡ Become even more captivated by my technique! ♡ Pupu! ♡ Pupupu...! ♡”

Charlotte, smiling smugly and happily, brought her breasts together, confiscating fresh semen from the masochistic penis. As he dedicated his seed to her firm, massive bosom, the young man could only let out effeminate cries toward the ceiling.

Thus, the young man’s story came to an end with him becoming Charlotte Lucas’s bodyguard. Although he failed to achieve his important goal of saving his sister, if he himself is not miserably degraded and is living happily—that in itself might be called a happy ending.

